en: update doc for deploy binlog (#53)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/deploy-tidb-binlog.md

---
title: Deploy TiDB Binlog

> summary: Learn how to deploy TiDB Binlog of a TiDB cluster in Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
summary: Learn how to deploy TiDB Binlog for a TiDB cluster in Kubernetes.
```

---
title: Deploy TiDB Binlog
summary: Learn how to deploy TiDB Binlog of a TiDB cluster in Kubernetes.
category: how-to
---

# Deploy TiDB Binlog

This document describes how to deploy [TiDB Binlog](https://pingcap.com/docs/stable/reference/tidb-binlog/overview) of a TiDB cluster in Kubernetes.

## Prerequisites

- [Deploy TiDB Operator](deploy-tidb-operator.md);
- [Install Helm](tidb-toolkit.md#use-helm) and configure it with the official PingCAP chart.

## Deploy TiDB Binlog of a TiDB cluster

TiDB Binlog is disabled in the TiDB cluster by default. To create a TiDB cluster with TiDB Binlog enabled, or enable TiDB Binlog in an existing TiDB cluster, take the following steps.

### Deploy Pump

1. Modify the TidbCluster CR file to add the Pump configuration.

> For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    For example:
```

    ``` yaml
    spec
    ...
    pump:
      baseImage: pingcap/tidb-binlog
      version: v3.0.11
      replicas: 1
      storageClassName: local-storage
      requests:
        storage: 30Gi
      schedulerName: default-scheduler
      config:
        addr: 0.0.0.0:8250
        gc: 7

>         heartbeat-interval: 2

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    spec:
      ...
      pump:
        baseImage: pingcap/tidb-binlog
        version: v3.0.11
        replicas: 1
        storageClassName: local-storage
        requests:
          storage: 30Gi
        schedulerName: default-scheduler
        config:
          addr: 0.0.0.0:8250
          gc: 7
          heartbeat-interval: 2
```

    ```

    Edit `version`, `replicas`, `storageClassName`, and `requests.storage` according to your cluster.

2. Set affinity and anti-affinity for TiDB and Pump.
    
    If you enable TiDB Binlog in the production environment, it is recommended to set affinity and anti-affinity for TiDB and the Pump component; if you enable TiDB Binlog in a test environment on the internal network, you can skip this step.

    By default, the affinity of TiDB and Pump is set to `{}`. Currently, each TiDB instance does not have a corresponding Pump instance by default. When TiDB Binlog is enabled, if Pump and TiDB are separately deployed and network isolation occurs, and `ignore-error` is enabled in TiDB components, TiDB loses binlogs.

>     In this situation, it is recommended to deploy a TiDB instance and a Pump instance on the same node using the affinity feature, and to split Pump instances on different nodes using the anti-affinity feature. For each node, only one Pump instance is required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    In this situation, it is recommended to deploy a TiDB instance and a Pump instance on the same node using the affinity feature, and to split Pump instances on different nodes using the anti-affinity feature. For each node, only one Pump instance is required. The steps are as follows:
```

- [Deploy TiDB Operator](deploy-tidb-operator.md);
- [Install Helm](tidb-toolkit.md#use-helm) and configure it with the official PingCAP chart.

## Deploy TiDB Binlog of a TiDB cluster

TiDB Binlog is disabled in the TiDB cluster by default. To create a TiDB cluster with TiDB Binlog enabled, or enable TiDB Binlog in an existing TiDB cluster, take the following steps.

### Deploy Pump

1. Modify the TidbCluster CR file to add the Pump configuration.

    For example:

>     ``` yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```yaml
```

                      - key: "app.kubernetes.io/instance"
                        operator: In
                        values:
                        - <cluster-name>
                    topologyKey: kubernetes.io/hostname
        ```
    > **Note:**
    >

>     > If you update the affinity configuration of the TiDB components, it causes rolling updates of the TiDB components in the cluster.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    > If you update the affinity configuration of the TiDB components, it will cause rolling updates of the TiDB components in the cluster.
```

## Deploy drainer

> You can deploy multiple drainers with the `tidb-drainer` Helm chart for a TiDB cluster, as described below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy multiple drainers using the `tidb-drainer` Helm chart for a TiDB cluster, take the following steps:
```

> You can install the `tidb-drainer` Helm chart to deploy multiple drainers for a TiDB cluster, as described below:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can deploy multiple drainers with the `tidb-drainer` Helm chart for a TiDB cluster, as described below:
```
